Well, good morning, Menlo Church, welcome.
So glad that you are here.
Be honest with me though, how many of you, when you saw that we were doing a series on love in the month of February, like internally, just a little bit, you had like an eye roll about it.
It's fine, I get it.
We are one day into February, which means for the next couple of weeks, you are going to be inundated by Hallmark Target Instagram.
Everywhere you go, everywhere you look, we're gonna be inundated with talk about
Love.
And 99% of what we're going to be inundated about is mushy, cheap, and honestly not that helpful.
It's either dating advice you've heard a thousand times or it's a cliche that probably leaves you more lonely than inspired.
So I want to address that before we get started today.
We are not giving a dating sermon for some of you.
You're like, that's why I showed up.
Hopefully it'll still be helpful.
If you're single, you're not gonna get a checklist of finding a spouse.
If you're married, we are not gonna give five tips to spice things up.
You can talk about that with somebody over donuts afterwards.
The elephant in the room is that really what we're gonna spend time today and in this series talking about is the single most important word in the English language.
And most of us deep down, whether you're a person of faith or not, feel like we have gotten this word and this concept wrong.
We are exhausted.
by the cultural chaos that surrounds the idea of love.
We're tired of the confusion, the commitment phobia, the broken definitions.
The question for us today is not how do I find love, but really it's more foundational.
It starts with, what is it in the first place?
And if you're someone wondering how we approach, you saw a series like this, you're like, how do you think about gender and sexuality?
How do you guys talk about that or approach that?
We did an extensive series with messages and additional resources in partnership with other churches called Wonderfully Made that you can find and check out at menlo.church.connect.
But before we dive any further into this series around this concept, I'm gonna pray for us.
And if you've never been here before or never heard me speak,
Before I speak, I pray kneeling and part of the reason that I do that on a day like today and for a series like this one is because I know that folks up in San Mateo, down in Saratoga, in Mountain View, here in Menlo Park, people online all around the world, the idea of love for a lot of us brings up a lot of pain.
And so what I hope we'll get a chance to do is wherever we've built walls, God might bring those walls down, might soften our hearts to learn from Him today.
So what did you pray with me that you might do that now?
God, thank you.
that your love for us really is inexhaustible.
It's not just what you do, it's who you are.
And so right now for any of us that are skeptical of that, for any of us that have put walls up, for any of us that are thinking about a litmus test, we're gonna apply to this idea, would you help us to just hear from you?
Even beyond the words that I have to say or the concepts we might share that they would have an encounter with you in these moments.
In Jesus' name, amen.
Now, if I asked you with this series idea, love is, if I asked you to answer this question, love is and fill in your answer, what might you put right here?
See, for some people, love is fun.
Love is easy.
For some people like my wife, she would say love is popcorn.
Like she really likes popcorn a lot.
For some of you, love is Instagram.
You're a big fan of it.
whatever your current thing is that you're scrolling instead of listening.
For some of you, love is like a spark, right?
You think to yourself, oh, it's that instant feeling of attraction to someone or romantically someone that's your soulmate.
The way you would think about love is one of these ideas.
And really culturally, that's part of the problem.
As a matter of fact, for most of us, love is basically vibes.
It is the feelings that we have in the moment that determines the choices that we make.
It's about chemistry.
It's about the ick that instantly kills the vibe.
Oh, or the spark.
That's the first time that's happened.
The spark that lifts the vibe is all planned.
For those of you, by the way, who are over 40, and I just said the word ick, and you're like, I've heard that.
What does that mean?
And ick is a strangely specific thing
that makes you instantly lose attraction to someone.
You're like, I didn't know that word, but I know that feeling.
It's not a moral failure.
It's stuff like wearing socks with sandals.
It's like the moment when somebody claps when the plane lands.
Ick, right?
It's when somebody runs with a backpack, but like the backpack bounces too much, right?
It sounds ridiculous, but in a vibes culture, a bouncy backpack is grounds for a breakup.
That's the thing that we think about love today.
Love has become something that we fall into like a ditch or something we fall out of like a tree.
And the problem with that should be clear, right?
If love is just a feeling, if it's just vibes, then the moment that the feeling fades, the love leaves, the romantic relationship, the close friendship, the circle of friends, even family relationships, where we can have our feelings change instantly, we let the relationship change.
to follow.
Now, what if love is less decoration and more foundation?
That's the question I want you to think about today.
This year, our family, we're having our house remodel.
It's not really our house, it's owned by a foundation.
We're really grateful for that.
But throughout the planning process of thinking about this remodel, there's work that we've had to do to be able to figure out what we wanted to change, what really could change, because it was decorative, and the stuff that we couldn't change, because it actually supported the house.
Now, if we are not careful, we basically treat love like interior design for our lives.
It's there to make our lives look pretty, to feel cozy, to match our aesthetic, our vibe.
When the style changes, though, when our feelings change, we renovate.
We break up, we freeze someone out, we find a new friend, or maybe even a new friend group.
But in God's blueprints, love isn't the paint, it's the beams.
You don't always see the beams, you don't understand necessarily what's behind that wall.
They aren't always the most attractive, but if you remove them because you're bored with them, the roof will cave in on your head.
It will happen if you're doing a renovation of your house and it will happen if you think about love overly simplistically.
Love isn't something that just makes life look good.
It's something that keeps our life from collapsing.
So to better understand that, we need the biblical definition of love.
Love is a topic that the Bible addresses consistently through its pages.
God's definition appears in a couple of places that we're gonna look at today.
And the first place comes from a letter in the New Testament of your Bible called First John.
Now it's First John because there are multiple letters that John writes and it's really clear by necessity.
When you learn Greek, the language that this was originally written in your first semester studying Greek, you study
John because John was so clear and the reason he was so clear was a necessity.
He did not have a strong grasp of grammar in Greek.
He did not have an extensive Greek vocabulary which as a first-year Greek student you're like me either.
We're friends and so it makes it easier to translate.
And so in first John chapter 4 we see this breakdown.
It says beloved let us
Love one another.
Pay attention to how many times he talks about love.
For love is from God and whoever loves has been born of God and who knows God.
Anyone who does not love does not know God.
And then here's this line, because God is love.
Now this passage right here, actually at 16 years old, the very first sermon that I ever preached on a Sunday morning to a church was this passage.
And if you're like, how'd that sermon turn out terribly?
So today will be better, I'm sure of it.
He continues, in this, the love of God was made manifest among us that God sent his only son.
If you wanna know what love is, John says, here's what love is.
God sent his only son into the world so that we might live through him.
In this is love, not that we have loved God, but that he has loved us and sent his son to be the propitiation.
This is the only big word he gives us.
It just means to take our place
The thing you and I deserved, he took even though he didn't and then he finishes our passage this way.
He says, beloved, if God so loved us, we also ought to love one another.
No one has ever seen God if we love one another, God abides.
He stays in us and his love is perfected.
in us.
I told you that for John, this idea of staying simple, God and love.
If you know those two basic Greek words, I could teach them to you right now, you will have a very, very basic idea, but very clear idea of what John's trying to communicate.
When we think about this, we get a snapshot from John about what it is he's trying to communicate to me.
Don't miss this though.
His translation is very simple.
But what often happens in the New Testament is something is very simple as a means of removing the loopholes.
When it's really simple, there's no place to hide.
It becomes more demanding.
Our culture says that love is God.
Meaning that whatever I feel deeply, whatever desire I have right now, that is what's ultimate for me.
That actually is my God.
If it feels like love, it must be right.
That's vibes, right?
But John, who Jesus took a chance on, wasn't born a saint.
As a matter of fact, if you met John when he was young, you probably wouldn't think this is a guy that is very loving.
You'd probably think he was dangerous.
Remember, Jesus, he didn't give John a cute nickname like the peacemaker.
In Mark chapter three, Jesus snakes the names John and his brother James, the sons of thunder.
I know it sounds like a killer 80s band.
But the reason that they were given that name is because they had explosive tempers.
This is the guy actually in Luke 9, when a Samaritan asked, or when a Samaritan village wouldn't welcome Jesus, John turned to Jesus and asked him, hey Lord, do you want me to call down fire from heaven to destroy them?
Like have you been hanging out with Jesus for more than five minutes?
He does not want you to do that.
His response to rejection wasn't love his patient, love his kind,
His response was, love is napalm.
Let's burn everything down.
He was reactionary.
He was judgmental.
He was the original vision of cancel culture, except he wasn't trying to kill your social media account.
He was trying to cancel your zip code.
So you're thinking, yeah, you're kind of undercutting the message.
So why does his perspective matter?
Why should we listen to the fire from heaven guy teach us about love?
Because first John wasn't written by the young
hot-headed son of thunder.
It was written by the old man who spent a lifetime being softened by the grace of Jesus.
He is writing this letter decades later, likely as the last surviving apostle after the others were murdered for their faith.
He's seen empires rise and empires fall.
He has seen cultural definitions of love come and go.
And looking back on all of it, the man who
Used to demand fire is now declaring fellowship and friendship.
See, when this guy, the one who wanted to nuke his enemies tells you and me that God is love, he isn't writing a greeting card for you're in my Valentine's card later this month.
He is telling you and me the only force in the universe strong enough to change a heart like his is God's.
He's saying, I know what the human heart looks like.
It looks like reaction.
It looks like revenge.
It looks like outrage.
But let me tell you what I have learned from the one who loved me when I was unlovable.
That gives him credibility.
He's not writing about a theory we should think about.
He's writing about his own transformation.
See, culture might say that love is God and to find it.
However, they see fit in the moment, but God says that for you and me, God is himself the definition of love.
It's the foundation of everything in our lives.
It's actually the foundation of existence itself.
And even with John's limited vocabulary, he uses a word for love in Greek that is really important because it's impossible for us to do on our own.
There are multiple words in the Bible that we translate as love, which is part of the problem.
That's why we can love popcorn and Instagram and love our spouse.
We don't mean the same thing, but it's the only word that we have.
But one of those words in Greek actually is the most divine and the most demanding of all of them.
It's the word agape.
And that's the one that John uses over and over and over again.
It points to a self-giving, self-sacrificial vision of love.
A vision of love that isn't decoration, it's foundation.
When John says, in this is love, not that we have loved God, but that He loved us and sent His Son into the world so that we might live through Him.
He's showing us that real love isn't about you and me reaching God.
That's what every other religion outside of biblical Christianity does.
Here's the latter, you climb to get to God.
No, no, no.
What John is saying is Jesus is the only time that God climbed down to get to us.
That's the good news of the gospel.
Agape love is a self-sacrificing choice to seek the highest good of another, regardless of how they respond.
I promise.
If love was just vibes, Jesus would never have hung on the cross for you.
He chose to do it because of the true nature of love, his true nature.
And this is where we kind of hit the hardest tension for our culture today.
In his book, The Rise and Triumph of the Modern Self, the historian Carl Truman, he diagnoses why the biblical definition feels so foreign to us today.
He argues that we have shifted into an era that he describes as expressive individualism.
Basically, for most of human history, people looked externally to define reality.
They looked outside of themselves.
They looked to God, they looked to community, they looked to a moral code.
But today, we are told to look inward.
We are taught that the real me lies within my own feelings, desires, and experiences.
And under that worldview,
The greatest sin that you can commit is to be inauthentic.
If I feel it inside, I must express it on the outside.
Or else I'm living a lie.
Do you see why that's made our definition of love feel so fragile?
Maybe that's why it's made us sometimes so fragile.
If my inner feelings are the ultimate authority, if love is God, then the moment that my feelings for you change, I have a moral obligation in expressive individualism to leave you.
If the vibe shifts, I have to bail because to stay would be fake.
Truman points out that this has left us incredibly lonely.
both personally and collectively, because when you make your inner feelings the foundation of your life, you are building on a foundation that shifts every single day.
You become a slave to your own moods and experiences.
As a matter of fact, in church history, there's a framework for this.
It's called a Wesley and Quadrilateral, and it has four sides.
And the idea is that the foundation of our decision-making would be the scriptures, the way that God tells us the world works, then above that the traditions of how humans have worked out that wisdom in their life, then above that our logic, then above that our emotions.
The foundation is the most important and we get to the least important, still necessary, but not the most important.
If you're paying attention, we live in a culture that's flipped them.
Your emotions, your experience has become primary.
But John, he offers us a better way.
By saying, God is love, He's inviting us to take the weight off of our own unstable emotions.
He is saying, stop looking at yourself to find your definition of love and look at the cross instead.
Speaking of looking at things, some of you have been looking up here and you're like, Phil, do you know that there is an anchor and a balloon behind you?
I just figured it out.
No, I knew it was here.
And this balloon really demonstrates something for you and me today.
It demonstrates the choice that we have about the kind of love
that we want to pursue.
We can float away with our feelings in this state that is fragile like the balloon with layers of love that are kind of like this inflated latex balloon.
We can find ourselves with a very thin layer that's very fragile and something that can leak out of it and dissipate over time.
Or we can connect to the unchanging nature and person of God himself, his character, his love for you and me that doesn't float around.
When we look inward, we find a balloon that floats with our feelings.
But when we look at Jesus, we find an anchor that holds through the storm.
Love isn't about just expressing what you feel.
It's about anchoring yourself in who God actually is.
Now, I wanna address an extreme that this can lead to.
I'm not saying that your feelings don't matter.
Your feelings matter.
It's not even that your feelings are
inaccurate.
It's just that they are inadequate to be the primary tool you use to steer your life.
I've heard it put this way, that if your life is a vehicle, your feelings should have a seat in the car of your life.
Just make sure it's not the driver's seat.
And some of you have had your feelings minimized for a long time.
Feel your feelings.
Just don't let your feelings steer your life.
So if the balloon is our feelings and this anchor is God's character, we need to know who God is.
And that brings us to 1 Corinthians 13.
Even if you're not a Christian, you've probably heard some of the verses from 1 Corinthians 13.
We use them like a to-do list.
We say be patient, be kind, don't be jealous.
This idea that like, all right, there's some pretty high standards.
And before I've even finished reading the definition of love in 1 Corinthians 13, I feel guilty because I've failed hit.
But if John is right, if God is love,
then 1 Corinthians 13 isn't just some set of rules.
It's a biography.
It's a description of the anchor of God's love.
It is the portrait of the God who holds you and me.
So when we read this, we don't just hear this as a command for us to live out.
We hear it as a description, a portrait of God's love for us.
Because you cannot emulate what you have not experienced.
Some of you, you have heard a message like this
You have heard the idea of what God wants you to do in your life and the challenge and pain for you is you've never actually experienced this love from God in your life.
Man, that can change today.
Too often we read these words at weddings and the thing is like we realize very quickly in marriage that we are incapable of living them out perfectly, right?
But if you know the context, Paul did not write these so that
weddings could use them.
Paul wrote these to a specific church in the first century that was fighting with each other.
They were suing each other.
They were obsessed with status.
They were making the kinds of assumptions and labels of one another that feel very familiar to us today.
1 Corinthians is actually a rebuke.
It's a letter of correction.
And so when we jump into it, Paul says these words.
Love is patient.
Love is kind.
Love does not envy or boast.
It's not arrogant or rude.
It does not insist on its own way.
It's not irritable or resentful.
It does not rejoice at wrongdoing, but it actually rejoices with the truth.
Love bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things.
Now, I just want you to know, I actually took like seven years of formal education
in biblical Greek and biblical Hebrews.
I want to give you a little bit of shortcut.
This comes from a word, pass upon in Greek.
Let me just give you a quick shortcut.
Do you know what it means in Greek?
It means all.
I just want to save you a step.
And so what he gives us for the snapshot of this is a snapshot of what it means for you and me to experience love not as a list of to-do's that we can't do, but a list of characters
that God embodies in every moment of our day.
Do you see this vision of agape?
It requires God to model it in us.
It requires God to motivate us, to activate in us.
We are helpless to do this on our own.
So you have to go back to our question.
What if love is less decoration and more foundation?
Love is patient.
What if you don't feel patient?
What if you feel annoyed?
Love is the choice in the moment to wait
when you want to rush, to defer rather than always getting what you prefer.
Love is kind.
Kindness isn't just being nice, it's being useful, it's being helpful, it's serving someone, sometimes, even when that person drains you to serve.
I mean, that never happens to me, but I've heard from some of you that it happens in your life.
Love keeps no record of wrongs.
Well, are you kidding me?
What about the last time they did that thing?
What about the next time that they're definitely gonna do that thing?
See, our feelings, they keep a detailed ledger.
But love, love shreds the receipt.
Now, I need to hit pause for just a second because anytime I do this, whenever we talk about love enduring all things, keeping no record of wrongs, there is someone who is going to hear that as a command to stay in a dangerous or abusive situation.
Let me be crystal clear.
The idea of love in the Bible is not a doormat.
If you aren't safe, get safe.
Talk to someone today.
get out of that situation.
Love actually protects.
And sometimes the most loving thing that you can do for someone is to set a boundary that makes it impossible for them to sin against you or hurt you again.
See, enduring does not mean staying silent in the midst of it.
It means seeking safety from it.
But for the vast majority of us, we aren't dealing with abuse.
We're dealing with annoyance.
We aren't dealing with safety.
We are dealing with our own selfishness.
Don't use the exception of abuse as an excuse for a lack of grace in your life.
Most of us, we aren't setting boundaries because we're in danger.
We're building walls because we're proud and we don't want to deal with those areas of our life.
If you're trying to figure out the difference between a difficult relationship that needs grace and a destructive relationship that needs space,
I want to recommend a book that I've recommended many times.
It's a book called Boundaries by Henry Cloud and John Townsend.
It is like the gold standard for understanding how to love someone without losing yourself or enabling their sin.
I'd recommend you check it out.
We spent some time on this in the previous series as well around some key relationships.
And I talked about my own story of abuse as a child and visited with many of you in person or online as you shared some about what your experience was.
I'm so grateful that you did.
And for many of you, you wanted to know how you could love someone and set boundaries.
And so I wanna make sure before we finish today that you get a tool that maybe can help you do that a little bit more easily
On this tool, we see sort of three different directions.
The first one, most relationships represent this friction space right here, and it's the friction of annoyance.
This is the person that can't close the cabinet doors, that leaves socks on the ground, that for whatever reason, they're just a chaos agent, and they cannot load the dishwasher correctly.
You know what I'm saying?
It's surface level friction.
It's annoying.
It's your spouse choosing to do those things.
That's sandpaper.
It scrapes against our soul, but hopefully you're not gonna leave someone or divorce someone over a dishwasher.
You just aggressively reorganize it after they leave the room.
If someone is sandpaper for us, generally what we give them is grace.
And if you think to yourself, oh my gosh, I can't believe that I have so many people in my life that are sandpaper, you are sandpaper to other people in your life also.
They told me to tell you so.
But hopefully in the midst of that, you recognize that that's not all of it.
The far right is this picture of a sledgehammer.
A sledgehammer is not interested in smoothing you out.
A sledgehammer is interested in breaking you down.
This is abuse.
And with abuse, we don't extend grace in that necessarily.
We just get safe.
We get out of it.
Now, I know that for some of you, that's like a challenge that you feel because you've lived that.
You don't endure a sledgehammer, you run away from a sledgehammer.
But there's a nuance in the middle.
Sometimes we wanna oversimplify and something's either this or this.
I think there's a third option in the middle and that's the scalpel.
See, a scalpel cuts, it causes pain, it draws blood.
But unlike the sledgehammer, the purpose of the scalpel is actually to heal.
See, in the right hands, a scalpel doesn't do damage.
It really helps.
The proverbs of the Hebrew scriptures says it this way.
The wounds of a friend can be trusted.
This is this person that loves you, that can call out your sin, that can challenge your addiction, that can point out the cancer in your character that nobody else can.
So how do you tell the difference between a scalpel and a sledgehammer?
Well, it comes down to permission and seasons.
See, a scalpel, it cuts you open and you only hand a scalpel to a surgeon that you trust.
You never just give a scalpel to anybody, I hope, right?
You have the God-given agency to decide who holds the scalpel in your life.
You give them permission.
You say, I trust your love for me enough to let you hurt my feelings for my good.
In dating, you may never hand the scalpel to someone.
It may all these just be sandpaper because you're sort of trying to show the best of yourselves or surface level friendships or whatever.
You haven't given that scalpel, but in a covenant marriage and a long-term friendship, eventually, you hand them the scalpel.
If someone tries to use a scalpel on you but you haven't given them permission, that's a violation.
You take it back.
And if you've given someone permission in a past season, but they stopped using it to heal and they started using it to hurt, you have the agency to take the scalpel back.
So in short, we endure the sandpaper.
We run from the sledgehammer, but we submit to the scalpel in the hands of someone who loves you, like Jesus loves you, and someone you trust.
And if you go, I just can't find anyone like that anywhere in my life.
It might not be a them problem.
That might be a, there are people in your life
actually probably could speak truth to you that would love you even if it hurts and you've got to choose to trust them.
But let's be honest, if we took that passage we just looked at and we changed it, we took first Corinthians 13 and we just thought, well, what if instead of love is patient, it says like, let's see, fill is patient.
Fill does not envy or boast.
He is not arrogant or rude.
He does not insist on his own way.
He is not irritable or resentful, dot, dot, dot.
Now I just want to say thank you for not laughing as I was writing it.
If my wife was here, she might have, right?
The moment that we swap our names into this passage, we realize that we aren't the foundation, that too often our best attempts
They just look like decoration.
Sure, like we're pretty good when things look good, but we will crack under the weight when things get heavy.
We wanna be the anchor, but we keep acting like the balloon because we're trying to do this on our own, based on our own experiences, based on our own feelings as the foundation.
That's why 1 Corinthians 13 isn't a to-do list.
It's a portrait.
It's a portrait of the only person in history who has lived this out perfectly.
I mean, think about this for a moment.
Take this passage that you've read as love is patient, love is kind, and put Jesus' name in here.
Jesus is patient and kind.
Jesus does not envy or boast.
He is not arrogant or rude.
He does not insist on his own way.
He is not irritable or resentful.
That is actually a portrait of Jesus.
He bears all things.
He believes all things.
He hopes all things.
He endures all things.
Jesus kept no record of wrongs.
As a matter of fact, he took your and my record of wrongs and he nailed it to the cross so that we could be free.
So if you're sitting here feeling guilty because you know that your expression of love has felt kind of flimsy, good.
That guilt is the scalpel of God showing you and me that our pride has gotten in the way so that he can heal us because you cannot generate this kind of love.
You can only reflect it.
You can't fake this kind of foundation.
A real one needs to support the weight of your life.
So here's the practice that I wanna challenge you with this week.
I want you to take off the pressure off of your feelings to try to go, I need my feelings to perfectly match what I know, love, what ask me to do.
Stop asking, do I feel like love today?
And start asking, how do I stand in God's love today?
How do I do this kind of thing?
What would this actually look like in my
life and so just take this line that we've given you for the series and maybe in your phone or on the notes that you're taking right now or in the mirror somewhere in your car just wrote right love is and then the action that God's love is compelling you to take this week maybe for you that action is something as simple as I don't know doing the dishes like the right way you know
Maybe that's listening without interrupting.
Maybe that's putting your phone away.
Maybe it's having a conversation that starts down the path of forgiveness.
What is the first step of love in your life?
Not because it has to generate from your feelings, but because it's the foundation that God has already extended to you.
And listen, I know what some of you are thinking.
You're thinking, Phil, I want this.
I really do.
I want love to be a foundation.
I don't want to be the helium balloon.
I want a love that can handle the scalpel, but I need
help and here's what a lot of you need help with.
You need help to let yourself know for the first time or remember for the first time in a long time what this love is really like.
I mean if you think about it love that is expressed to you and me from God can feel like one of those things we graduate from.
It can feel like one of those things we remember, somebody convinced us of a long time ago, we're grateful for it, but we don't really let ourselves sit in that.
Remember who you are, remember what you've done, remember what you deserve, and remember what God has done.
And so before we're finished today at all of our campuses, we're gonna do a song together called Reckless Love.
And the reason that the song is called Reckless Love is because when you look at the way God loves you and me from our perspective, it looks real reckless.
Like if God had friends that were like him and they were looking at humanity, they'd be like, are you serious?
In first Peter actually, it says that angels look at the way God loves you and me as human beings and they are curious.
They're like, really?
That's the bet we're leaning on that?
And in God's perfect economy, the relationship that he designed, the relationship that he ordained and the future that he has is his love set on you.
You cannot emulate what you have not experienced.
And so over these next few minutes, let this experience wash over you.
Remember the love that the creator of the universe has for you, no matter what you've done or where you've been, even if it's the first time.
Would you pray with me?
God, there are some people in this room right now that I know they just don't think that they deserve love.
There are some people all around the Bay Area that
They think I've gone too far, I've done too much, I've been gone too long.
God must be over it with me.
And God, I know that nothing could be further from the truth, that your love for us is inextinguishable.
But God, would you meet us in this moment?
Would you remind us of the love that you have available?
Would you help us to see that actually, no matter where we've been or what we've done,
You've been here waiting for us with your love forever.
Help us to experience it now in Jesus name.
Amen.